Core Post-Exploitation Features
As we have seen earlier, we can
navigate the file system
and list OS and user information
along with running processes
on the compromised host.
We can also both upload
and download files directly
from the Meterpreter command prompt.
More basic post-exploiatation features
are available from meterpreter,
including the screenshot command which
captures images of the compromised desktop
Meterpreter also allows
us to start a keylogger
and detect active user
keystrokes with keyscan start.
It is important to realize
that all features execute
in the context of the
current meterpreter session.
In our scenario, when we exploited
SyncBreeze, we obtained a reverse shell
running in the context of
the NT SYSTEM user.
Because this is a non-interactive user,
the keyscan dump won’t
generate any results.
In order to capture keystrokes
from a regular user,
we will have to migrate
our shell process
to the user context
we are targeting.
Let’s discuss the process
of changing context.